Removed the display of the difference in metadata in blockstorage_volume (#482)
vk-cs/terraform-provider-vkcs: CHANGELOG.md

# VKCS Provider's changelog

#### v0.8.3 (unreleased)
- Add all_metadata computed field to vkcs_blockstorage_volume resource.

> - Removed the display of the difference in metadata in vkcs_block storage_volume, which was added outside terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Suppress out-of-scope plan changes in vkcs_blockstorage_volume metadata
```

Author: done
